Incoming call ring tones & desktop notifications (#6512)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/plugins-configuration-settings.rst

.. |note| replace:: .

Enable call ringing (Beta)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. config:setting:: plugins-enablecallringing
  :displayname: Enable call ringing (Plugins - Calls)
  :systemconsole: Plugins > Calls
  :configjson: N/A
  :environment: N/A
  :description: Enable or disable incoming call desktop alerts and ringing notifications

+--------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------+

> | - **true**: Ringing functionality is enabled. Direct and group message   | - System Config path: **Plugins > Calls**        |

Author: @cpoile - Does this new Enable Ringing config setting have an equivalent ``config.json`` and environment variable value to include in the docs?

Reviewer: Yep, added it above and below. No environment variable.

> |   participants receive a desktop app alert and a ringing notification    | - ``config.json`` setting: N/A                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   participants receive a desktop app alert and a ringing notification    | - ``config.json`` setting: ``PluginSettings.Plugins.com.mattermost.calls.enableringing``                   |
```
